welcome everybody to my new series and
did not today and this money series so
am it's the mod spotlights and start
with we have a mod cold called minor
Rolla gee I believe it's called okay so
i'm just going to want to place this
here oh crap i let me do that and fit
this in here ok so today what we're
going to do is look at mineralogy so
when you find this underground it gives
you this thing called carbon and I don't
really figured out anything for that
when you dig this I forgot to put that
in there actually hold on when you dig
this actually gives you the or so we're
going to just take this or and when you
dig this this gives you silicon I
believe it's called silicone and when
you take this it gives you this so what
we're going to do is I'm this why I took
this we're going to burn this and see
what it makes so I'm as the spurns I'll
tell you a little bit series so the
series is practically i'm just going to
be doing a bunch of mods and then i'm
showing you guys the more so and if you
like to see how good like mods are and
stuff iraq and i watch the series
because am yeah okay so as you seen you
go out crystal gems and whatever the
hell this thing is so i put that in the
inventory and what you get with this is
the crystal and make a pick axe and
sword and they haven't done an ox or
anything without you and against crystal
gem carbon does nothing and then this is
what you've seen you get a hammer and
you get a pickaxe so I'm I don't really
figured out with the hammer toes yet so
see that no dick trees the same I mean
dirt
okay it cuz trees slower and the only
really other thing is like a pic Hawks
then so let's test no sucks this is all
maybe it's like a war home and maybe
kill moles with it I'm oh well so I'm
thanks for watching guys this is being
roasted j and i'll see you guys another
episode